docs: Document VAPID key should be base64 encoded (#533)
mozilla-services/autopush-rs: docs/src/http.md

```html
    Authorization: Bearer 00secret00
```
**{vapidKey}**  

> _The [VAPID Key](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/draft-ietf-webpush-vapid-01) provided by the subscribing third party_

Reviewer: It's a real RFC, no need to refer to the draft (particularly a very old draft).

```suggestion
_The [VAPID Key](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8292#section-3.2) provided by the subscribing third party_
```
